docs(sdk): Add a guide on how to use the SDK with Next.js (#48569)
metabase/metabase: enterprise/frontend/src/embedding-sdk/README.md

const config = {fetchRequestToken};
```

### Using with Next.js

#### Using App Router

Create a component that imports the `MetabaseProvider` and mark it a React Client component with "use client";

```typescript jsx
"use client";

import { MetabaseProvider, StaticQuestion } from "@metabase/embedding-sdk-react";

const config = {...}; // Your Metabase SDK configuration

export default function MetabaseComponents() {
  return (
    <MetabaseProvider config={config}>
      <StaticQuestion questionId={QUESTION_ID} />
    </MetabaseProvider>
  );
```

> Make sure to use default export, as named export is not supported with this setup.

Reviewer: Is this us or nextjs?

Reviewer: Or it's for the import on line 1220?
I think it's technically possible: https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/lazy-loading#with-named-exports
I think people will try named exports and it could fail, WDYT about anticipating their "want" and showcase that scenario directly?

Reviewer 2: This is certainly weird, what is the error you got when trying to use named exports for next/dynamic?

Author: This is what costed me half a day. I couldn't find anything relate to this problem at all.

Author: > This is certainly weird, what is the error you got when trying to use named exports for next/dynamic?

When using named export, Next will complain that `document` is undefined as if the component is still rendered on the server for some reason.

Author: > Is this us or nextjs?

Kind of sure it's Next.js problem since this is about importing a library that uses browser API like `document` or `window`.

Reviewer: I think the fact that we have one big bundle, somewhere in the bundle we probably have many references to window/document which are note inside a function so it probably crashed while trying to load those "modules"

Author: I've included the repo in the [PR description](https://github.com/metabase/metabase/pull/48569#issue-2579236787) if you guys want to see the error yourself.

> To test Next.js please use my forked repos:
> 
> * App Router: https://github.com/WiNloSt/next-app-template
> * Pages Router: https://github.com/WiNloSt/next-pages-template

Author: > I think the fact that we have one big bundle, somewhere in the bundle we probably have many references to window/document which are note inside a function so it probably crashed while trying to load those "modules"

That doesn't quite explain why the `default` export doesn't crash though. In my naive mind, default export is also a named export with the name `default`. And I've also tested
```ts
import("mymodule").then(module => module.default)
```

That it didn't work either 😭

Then, import this component in your page:

```typescript jsx
// page.tsx

const MetabaseComponentsNoSsr = dynamic(() => import("@/components/MetabaseComponents"), {
  ssr: false
});

export default function HomePage() {
  return (
    <>
      <MetabaseComponentsNoSsr />
    </>
  );
}
```

> [!CAUTION]
> If you export the component as a named export, it will not work with Next.js. You must use a default export.

This won't work:

```typescript jsx
const DynamicAnalytics = dynamic(
  () => import("@/components/MetabaseComponents").then((module) => module.MetabaseComponents),
  {
    ssr: false,
  }
);
```

> If you authenticate with Metabase using JWT, you can create an a Route handler that sign a user into Metabase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you authenticate with Metabase using JWT, you can create a Route handler that signs a user into Metabase.
```

Author: Fixed in 29c628df0652b29bb21ca46cdbf953f8626fc26a
